Prompt: What is dep and arr of 215 ?
 
 
Prompt: Why 225 was cancelled yesterday?

 
 
Prompt: Which sectors are critical for us?
 
 
Prompt: Give me all flights in last month which were delayed but not cancelled or diverted.

 
 
Prompt: How many airports are we operating?

 
Prompt: Maximum number of flights flown in single day in last 6 months.

 
 
Prompt: Give me all flights for DEL-BOM-GOI sector 

 
 
Prompt: How many passengers flown in last 1 month?

 
 
Prompt: How many flights are flying from Indira Gandhi terminal 1?

 
 
Prompt: All flights from DEL T2 to BLR T1.

 
 
Prompt: What is connection time of 2215?

 
Prompt: What are flying hours of 2215?

 
 
Prompt: Why 2215 could not reach to its destination?

 
 
Prompt: When did VTILK last flew?

 
Prompt: Show me flights where passenger booked is less than 100

 
 
Prompt: How many quantas flight we have today in codeshares?

 
 
 
What was previous tail no of VTLLP?
What are available slots in Dubai today?
Can u send message to Dubai flight passengers?
What are legalities if I delay flight 2215?
Is there any application which gives real-time information about flights?
What is dep and arr of 6e-899(flight is gate return)
When door closed of 899?
What is load factor on 899?
Show me otp for all metro stations.
Who is flying 899 ?
How many cargo flight we are operating 
What is carrier code of vistara?
What is carrier code of British airways?
How many domestic flight from Delhi airport?
What is STd and sta of 2215?
Convert above timings into local.
Give me flights flying out from banglore between 2-5am( user always gives local time)
Is flight 2215 gone to AMD?(is it diverted?
Is there any flight whose door was closed 5 mins back?
Give me flight details of all flights from maa.
Give me flights which don't have aircraft assigned 
Give me all AOG list 
Give me flights which were delayed because of technical reasons.
All flights to Chennai in next 3 hours.
How many 232 seater are flying today?
All flights which have AMD as leg in flight route.
Show me flights which don't have any codeshare flights.
All flights which don't have next leg.
Give me all flights which are diverted to AMD 
What is TAT for BLR?
Check if any slot is canceled today
Tell me all wet lease aircraft details
How many male and female passengers on flight 2215
Analyse variance of flying time from del to bom all flights in last 1 month
How many training flights today
List all flights which are eligible for OTP and OTT
All flights which has achieved otp 
All stations where otp is more than 90%
Tell me all aircraft except assigned on international routes.
When is vtllp landing?
Which route has max number of legs?
Which flight is doing max length in single leg?
Top 5 most delayed flights
Who is airport manager at Delhi terminal 1?
How many base flights are delayed today?
How many flights are coming at BLR T1 and taking off from there?
Show all flights which are overbooked.
Postpone all departing and arriving flight on Delhi terminal 1